## **Group:** Giga-Chadhas

**Date:** 06/04/2025

**Time:** 4:40 pm to 5:00 pm*


## **Attendees:**
- [x] Zoey
- [x] Felicia
- [ ] Kelvin
- [x] Sarah
- [x] Anu
- [ ] Rain
- [x] Luis
- [x] Thanh
- [x] Niroop
- [ ] Manan
- [x] Anna
- [ ] Mehdi

## **Agenda** - *Sprint Planning Meeting 06/04/2025*

## **Progress Updates:**
1. More unit testing for `JS` functions and E2E testing for HTML pages need to be done
2. If you worked on any `JS` functions make sure comments are [formatted](https://cse110-sp25-group23.github.io/cse110-sp25-group23/docs/global.html) so JDocs can be developed 
3. refer to [README](https://github.com/cse110-sp25-group23/cse110-sp25-group23/blob/main/README.md) for link to website and code documentation templates
*What worked/what did not worked well?*

## **Next Action Items:**
1. Do **NOT** forget to schedule your 5 minute interview with Devanshi! (recommended to do it before or after our sprint meeting at 3 PM)
2. If you are working on non-essential features/new features that are not specifically outlined in the issues, please hold off on working on these features until documentation for JS functions and unit testing/E2E testing are done for the `JS` functions and `HTML` pages respectively.
3. All tests worked on should go into the `__test__` file (if you work on tests, you should have your own `.test.js` file for your functions)
4. Public/Private videos due by the following Tuesday (06/10)
   1. Public: 3 minute long video shown in class talking about our web application (done all together as a team)
   2. Private: 10 minute long video documenting our overall process and development (leads are leaning to just them doing the private video themselves)
5. If you're looking for an overall sense of what the final rubric may be like, please refer to the gradescope activity submitted on 06/03 or ask leads about it
6. Zoom recordings of review meetings --> need to ask Devanshi if uploads are required

## **Tasks Assigned List:**
- [Thanh]() - Meal creation unit tests + documentation
- [Felicia]() - Adding E2E to the pipeline (please document) 
- [Anu]() - Homepage E2E 
- [Manan]() - E2E testing for shopping 
  - (ensure the buttons work and users are redirected to correct sites, if they don't what will be displayed? error handling) 
  - style shopping page --> copy over nav bar and theme to match (colors/fonts) **Please have it done by Thurs night/ Friday morning**
- [Zoey]() - E2E tests for the cards 
  - ensure that card flips are registered and displayed correctly
- [Kelvin]() - E2E testing for homepage
  - can users create/access cards?
- [Niroop]() - Update the tests for recipeCard.test.js (new card structure) + js docs
  - also please be on standby in case Mehdi need assistance with importing
- [Rain]() - Update any pipeline ADRâ€™s/ diagrams, record demo of CI/CD if possible
- [Mehdi]() - Complete the importing functionality to match card structure+ testing + documentation, what happens if API is down?, If completed, continue on ADR
- [Anna]() -  E2E calendar
  -  make sure the cards get added and are displayed correctly
