## **Group:** Giga-Chadhas

**Date:** 05/28/2025

**Time:** *example: 8:00 pm to 9:00 pm*


## **Attendees:**
- [x] Zoey
- [x] Felicia
- [x] Kelvin
- [x] Sarah
- [x] Anu
- [x] Rain
- [x] Luis
- [x] Thanh
- [x] Niroop
- [x] Manan
- [x] Anna
- [x] Mehdi

## **Agenda** - *Sprint Planning Meeting 5/28/25*

## **Progress Updates:**
1. From the sprint planning meeting the leads realized that they needed to be more detailed with the issues in gituhb so people know exactly what is expected of them
2. We know that we need to be more clear however if you are confused please do not wait until the sprint is over to express your confusion but instead try to voice your concerns early
3. Before we can get started with this sprint we need to write tests for our js functions from last sprint so if you have not done that then please make sure that you get that done before starting your task for this week. Part of the group's grade is making sure that we have tests that are written while developing, not after. Everyone must write their own tests for their own code.
4. The leads created a [rough diagram](https://drive.google.com/file/d/16CFLxn8YM5qhOOcw9hQl8_cJA94sFeK6/view?usp=sharing) of what we have in mind for the website. This is what we used to make the tasks. You can and should change, add, or remove things from this diagram. This is just to help you get started and so that you have an idea of what is expected.

***Each design decision must be a conscious design decision. It is ok to use what is in the diagram but if someone was to ask you "why did you design it this way?" you should be able to have some justification other than "it was in the diagram"***

## **Next Action Items:**
1. UI for website and accessibility (Anu, Anna, Kelvin, Mehdi, Manan) 
2. Adding Card Creator and Meal Creator functionality to My Recipe Page (Kelvin, Niroop, Thanh, Zoey, Felicia)
3. Refining existing features

 Each person will have their own specific sub issue which details the task they are responsible for this week's sprint. However, you are still expected to work together and communicate to ensure that work is not being repeated and that you are all on the same page. One person should not complete a shared responsibility single handledly but instead work together with their teammates to compete the task. (Ex. one person shouldn't make the whole UI and then the other members just go along. It is fine to start working on it in order to create an example but you should still consult your teammates and have a discussion about it)



## **Tasks Assigned List:**
- Update the Pipeline to allow for unit and end to end tests. Update and CI/CD pipeline diagrams or ADRs [Rain]()
- Designing UI for overall website [Anu](), [Anna](), [Kelvin](), [Manan]()
  - Each person is responsible for their own page. Come up with functional demos of your own pages then work together to create a single style for each page. For example, if each page has a search bar, the search bar should be in the same place for each page (nav bar, body-left, body-right).
- Desigining Individual Webpages and their features [Anu](), [Anna](), [Kelvin](), [Manan](), [Thanh](), [Niroop](),[Zoey](),[Felicia]()
  - The homepage should guide users to the different pages while also having some of its own functionality. In the [diagram](https://drive.google.com/file/d/16CFLxn8YM5qhOOcw9hQl8_cJA94sFeK6/view?usp=sharing), we decided to show only a select number of cards which would then prompt the user to navigate to another page for the full functionality. Same for the calendar, only show one day so that if they want to have the full calendar, they go to the calendar page.
  - Calendar page - Now that recipes have cook times, the recipes should populate an appropriate amount of space in the calendar.There should be two ways to schedule. The first is the way we have now, if a recipe is 2hrs long and is scheduled for 3pm then it should populate 3pm to 5pm. The second is similar to "Arrive by" when using Google Maps, users should have an "Eat By" option for scheduling meals/recipes. So if a user chooses a recipe that takes 1hr to cook and schedules it for 3pm, then it should populate 2pm to 3pm. 
  - My Recipes Page - There should be a shelf for cards to be displayed on. From this shelf users should be able to interact with the cards to Read or Update them. There must also be a form to create the cards, the form to create the cards should be similar for creating recipes and meals. Card animations for flipping cards in single recipes and changing recipes throughout the meals must also be consistent. 
  - Shopping page - The shopping page could be its own page or popup on the side that has the cart then leads to a groccery store. Design the page and then integrate it to the website.
- Acessibility [Mehdi]()
  - Update existing pages to include accessibility features for screen readers or any other features like a dark mode. Create a working demo for the dark mode or other accessibilty features then present to the rest of the UI team for feedback or suggestions.
- Branding [Anna]() Create a team logo and name to feature on the home page


**Please read your tasks on github for a detailed list of your tasks**